README.md, before:

# es-de-linux-custom-systems

Custom systems and find rules file for ES-DE primarily for Linux systems and and the Steam Deck. 

## How to Use

Download the `es_find_rules.xml` and `es_systems.xml` file and place the two files in `~/ES-DE/custom_systems`. On the Steam Deck, this will be `/home/deck/ES-DE/custom_systems`. 

If files exist already, you may open the two files downloaded from this repo and copy the contents to the pre-existing files. Ensure that you do not duplicate the header and closer lines. For `es_find_rules.xml`, the lines will be `<ruleList>` and `</ruleList>` respectively. For `es_systems.xml`, the lines will be `<systemList>` and `</systemList>` respectively. 

## Filename Conventions

**Note:** Any `*` in the table below are wildcards. Wildcards are placeholders for version numbers or system specific file names. If you have a version number or a specific system name in your AppImage, you **do not** need to rename and remove these elements. 

| **System Name** | **Emulator**       | **Filename Configuration** |
|-----------------|--------------------|----------------------------|
| switch          | Citron             | *itron_*-x86_64.AppImage   |
| switch          | Eden               | *den-Linux-v*-*.AppImage   |
| switch          | Ryujinx or Ryubing | *yujinx*.AppImage          |
| switch          | Sudachi            | *udachi                    |
| switch          | Suyu               | *uyu-Linux_x86_64.AppImage |
| switch          | Yuzu               | yuzu*.AppImage             |


## Issues

This **is not** a support repository for these emulators. If an emulator is not working, report the issue to the emulator developers directly. If one of the downloaded files is misconfigured, you may open an issue or pull request on this repository. **Do not** link to the download page of the emulator in your GitHub issue. 

## ES-DE Documentation

Make sure that you have checked and read ES-DE's documentation if you are unclear on how to use these files. See https://gitlab.com/es-de/emulationstation-de/-/blob/master/USERGUIDE.md for ES-DE'S User Guide.

Commit message:

docs: Add meld usage to README

README.md, after:

# es-de-linux-custom-systems

Custom systems and find rules file for ES-DE primarily for Linux systems and and the Steam Deck. 

## How to Use

Download the `es_find_rules.xml` and `es_systems.xml` file and place the two files in `~/ES-DE/custom_systems`. On the Steam Deck, this will be `/home/deck/ES-DE/custom_systems`. 

If files exist already, you may open the two files downloaded from this repo and copy the contents to the pre-existing files. Ensure that you do not duplicate the header and closer lines. For `es_find_rules.xml`, the lines will be `<ruleList>` and `</ruleList>` respectively. For `es_systems.xml`, the lines will be `<systemList>` and `</systemList>` respectively. 

Alternatively, you may use software like Meld (Flatpak can be installed from Discover) to merge pre-existing the files with the files downloaded from this repository. 

## Filename Conventions

**Note:** Any `*` in the table below are wildcards. Wildcards are placeholders for version numbers or system specific file names. If you have a version number or a specific system name in your AppImage, you **do not** need to rename and remove these elements. 

| **System Name** | **Emulator**       | **Filename Configuration** |
|-----------------|--------------------|----------------------------|
| switch          | Citron             | *itron_*-x86_64.AppImage   |
| switch          | Eden               | *den-Linux-v*-*.AppImage   |
| switch          | Ryujinx or Ryubing | *yujinx*.AppImage          |
| switch          | Sudachi            | *udachi                    |
| switch          | Suyu               | *uyu-Linux_x86_64.AppImage |
| switch          | Yuzu               | yuzu*.AppImage             |


## Issues

This **is not** a support repository for these emulators. If an emulator is not working, report the issue to the emulator developers directly. If one of the downloaded files is misconfigured, you may open an issue or pull request on this repository. **Do not** link to the download page of the emulator in your GitHub issue. 

## ES-DE Documentation

Make sure that you have checked and read ES-DE's documentation if you are unclear on how to use these files. See https://gitlab.com/es-de/emulationstation-de/-/blob/master/USERGUIDE.md for ES-DE'S User Guide.
